Dad?
This is the head of the Jin family in Shangjing
Why did he come in person?
Although Xue Zhilong can make the citizens listen to him
But is he a direct descendant of the Dragon Protector General?
He is an existence below one person and above ten thousand people.
Today we're slashing with weapons
I see who dares to bully our Ruoxi
It's him, it's this bitch
He tried to murder the descendants of our Kim family
bold
Anyone dares to murder our Jin family members
Drag him down and beat him into a cripple
What are you?
Do you know who I am?
How dare you violate my decision?
I don't believe Li Mengdi did it
So you can't deal with him.
Why should you believe him?
Just because you were once married to him
That's how you protect him
I believe he is not such a person
Few people in Elephant dare not listen to me
Do it!
I see who dares to move
What else do you want?
If you don't listen to me today
Believe it or not, I'll cripple you
Humph
In elephants
No one can threaten me anymore
Who is it?